added Postgresql positional-parameters (#4544)
Codecademy/docs: content/postgresql/concepts/positional-parameters/positional-parameters.md

> Title: 'Postional parameters in sql'
> Description: 'positional parameters are placeholders used in SQL statements for passing values dynamically to queries or functions. '
> Subjects:
>   - 'Web Development'
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'postgresql'
>   Tags:
>   - 'positional-parameters'
>   - 'Documentation'
>   CatalogContent:
>   - 'getting-started-off-platform-for-data-science'
>   - 'paths/design-databases-with-postgresql'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'Postional Parameters'
Description: 'Positional Parameters in PostgreSQL are used within prepared statements and dynamic SQL queries to represent placeholders for values that will be supplied later during execution.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'PostgreSQL'
  - 'Database'
  - 'Data'
CatalogContent:
  - 'getting-started-off-platform-for-data-science'
  - 'paths/design-databases-with-postgresql'
---
```

## Syntax

**Positional parameters** are often utilized in prepared statements or in dynamic SQL queries.They must always appear first in a parameter set. In access method services, positional parameters are never optional.They serve as placeholders for dynamic values that will be supplied later when executing the query or prepared statement.
When a query or prepared statement is executed, the positional parameters are replaced with actual values based on the order in which they appear and the values provided during execution.

## Example
Here's an example of positional parameters in PostgreSQL:

Suppose we have a table called employees with columns id, name, and age. We want to retrieve employees whose age is greater than a specified value, and we want to make this value dynamic using positional parameters.

First, let's create a simple table:
```sql
CREATE TABLE employees (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    name TEXT,
    age INTEGER
);

INSERT INTO employees (name, age) VALUES
('John', 30),
('Alice', 25),
('Bob', 35);

```

> Now, let's write a query using positional parameters to retrieve employees older than a specified age:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Next, write a query using positional parameters to retrieve employees older than a specified age:

```

```sql
PREPARE get_older_employees (INTEGER) AS
SELECT * FROM employees WHERE age > $1;

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> In this query:
> 
> PREPARE creates a prepared statement named get_older_employees.
> (INTEGER) specifies the data type of the positional parameter.
> $1 is the positional parameter reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the above query:

- `PREPARE` creates a prepared statement named `get_older_employees`.
- `(INTEGER)` specifies the data type of the positional parameter.
- `$1` is the positional parameter reference.

```

> Now, we can execute the prepared statement with a specific value for the age parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the prepared statement with a specific value for the age parameter:
```

```sql
EXECUTE get_older_employees(25);

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> This will return all employees whose age is greater than 25.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This will return all employees whose age is greater than 25.
```

> The benefit of using positional parameters is that you can reuse the prepared statement with different parameter values without needing to rewrite the entire query. It also helps prevent SQL injection attacks by separating the query logic from the input values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Benefits of Using Positional Parameters:

- Reusability: The prepared statement can be reused with different parameter values without needing to rewrite the entire query.
- Security: Positional parameters help prevent SQL injection attacks by separating the query logic from the input values.
```
